Well, my years in school were not easy.
Samu teased me, others would laugh at me,
and still others would use hurtful words to me.
I felt unloved and not needed.
Sadly, my parents refused to take me to school.
The best you can do is to get rid of this child.
Just throw her away. That is what my father was told by his friend.
Prejudice against people with albinism can be very cruel.
Those who are targeted can be traumatized for life.
Albinism is a genetic disorder in which one's eyes, skin or hair have little or no pigmentation.
People with this condition struggle with vision problems.
Extreme sensitivity to sunlight also puts them at a high risk for skin cancer.
Beyond the physical challenges, they also have to deal with unwarranted social stigmas.
In some African countries, people with albinism are even attacked or killed by those involved in its periodic rituals.
This leads them to live in isolation.
The sealer used to cry often and feel dull.
But since she has landed truth in the Bible, she has found comfort.
What helped me to endure all these trials was praying to Jehovah regularly and reading his word the Bible.
The first scripture that touches me deeply is Psalm 18 verse 25.
This scripture touches my heart to know that if I continue being loyal and righteous, Jehovah cannot forget,
he will also act in loyalty toward me.
James was the target of intense ridicule.
He isolated himself and felt worthless.
The scripture I loved the most is John chapter 17 and verse 3.
When I read this scripture, I was very happy because I realized that Jehovah values me or is concerned about me.
So this showed me that Jehovah loves me.
Judith has now spent 24 years in the full-time ministry.
As a young girl, she was the target of vicious ridicule.
She felt insecure and kept to herself.
Revelation 21, 3 and 4.
When I read this scripture, my faith is strengthened.
I feel very happy.
It's only through diligent, daily Bible reading and attending the meetings with our brothers, going out in the ministry.
This makes me strong and fortifies my faith.
Jehovah's people love and accept those who suffer from various conditions, including albinism.
Tassila, James and Judith are among those who have experienced that brotherly love and acceptance in Jehovah's organization.
There is a big difference between how people of the world and brothers view me.
The love they have shown me has helped me prove that really, this is a spiritual family.
When I am among my brothers and sisters, I do not see any difference or think that I have different skin.
But I feel loved and happy. I do not lack anything.
This is my spiritual family.
Whenever I am among brothers and sisters, I feel happy and protected because I show my true love.
Tassila serves as a zealous, regular pioneer.
She has overcome illiteracy and now knows how to cope with hostility and prejudice.
Despite all the negative things she faced in the past, she is now positive and cheerful and has her life and hope firmly based on Jehovah's promises.
James still has to deal with prejudice people from time to time.
But he does not allow that to make him bitter.
Rather, he chooses to respond in a kind manner.
Judith has experienced many disappointment in life.
But above all, she cherishes being one of Jehovah's people.
This overwhelming, impartial love shown by fellow brothers and sisters in the congregations is a source of support and help not only for individuals with albinism,
but for anyone who struggles with a challenging physical condition or disability.
Yes, mere man sees what appears to the eyes, but Jehovah sees into the heart.
Those are the words found at 1 Samuel 16 and verse 7.
And it was one of the verses we saw on the chalkboard in the video.
Jehovah certainly saw into the hearts of James, Tassila, and Judith, and reassured them of his love through the congregation.